Wife
I'm about to start the big joke in an hour
Wait for me to come back
In the evening we will have a wedding
The wedding dress I chose yesterday was beautiful
I'll try it for you tonight.
Wife
The person who took the gauntlet and me
Let me go.
Husband got on one, it's not a joke
If I can't come back tonight
You take the Deer God Order to find the Lord God
He can fix your leg
Wife is actually fine
It's getting late.
I should go.
It's better to let him go than to let me go
Ye Linhan plays against Daxia
Yanwu subordinate
At that time, our entire Chen family will be sinners of only Daxia
Yes, at that time, the name of the Chen family will be determined on the Department of Shame in History
Shut up
What about the gauntlet?
It's Chen Bustill and Ye Linhan
It can only be one of the two of them going to fight
Don't let Ye Linhan go
Could it be that Chen Bu will go back?
Why not?
Chen family majesty
You deserve my protection
I am not only the master of the Chen family
And your husband
So I should protect it once
This time the hero is drowned
I'm coming, you're going to the ring
How do you get into the ring?
Climb up?
Walking up, of course.
Big eyes
Can't lose